=for comment
 $Id$

=head1 NAME

ds-graphd - Graphing and statistics for 389 Directory Server

=head1 SYNOPSIS

ds-graphd [--logfile=</path/to/logfile>] [--year=<year>] [--daemon]
   [--pidfile=<pidfile>] [--rrddir=<rrddir>] [--instance=<instance_name>]

ds-graphd -h

=head1 DESCRIPTION

ds-graphd is a Perl daemon that reads access logs from 389 Directory
Server and creates graphs of the data with RRDtool.  It works with
both 389 DS and earlier Fedora DS versions, including Fedora DS 1.0.x.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<< --logfile=<logfile> >>, B<< -l <logfile> >>

=over

389 DS access logs live in the specified directory.  The default is
C<< /var/log/dirsrv/slapd-<instance> >> (see the B<-I> flag below) on
389 DS or Fedora DS 1.1.x, or C<< /opt/fedora-ds/slapd-<instance> >>
on Fedora DS 1.0.x.  The -l option should rarely be necessary; the -I
option will usually suffice.

=back

=item B<< --year=<year> >>, B<< -y <year> >>

=over

The log files parsed by ds-graphd are from the specified year.
Default is the current year.

=back

=item B<--daemon>, B<-d>

=over

Daemonize ds-graphd

=back

=item B<< --pidfile=<pidfile> >>

=over

Write ds-graphd's PID to the specified file instead of C</var/run/ds-graph.pid>

=back

=item B<< --rrddir=<rrddir> >>

=over

Write the RRDs to the specified directory instead of C</var/lib/ds-graph>.

=back

=item B<< instance=<instance_name> >>, B<< -I <instance_name> >>

=over

Track data for the specified instance.  By default, ds-graphd will attempt to
follow data for the instance named after the short hostname of the box it's
running on.  If you specify an instance name with this option, do not include
C<slapd->.

=back

=item B<-h>

=over

Display usage information

=back

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<rrdtool(1)>, L<RRDs(3)>

=head1 AUTHOR

Chris St. Pierre <chris.a.st.pierre@gmail.com>
